all right I know some of you guys are
going to think I'm bullshitting you but
I'm in Newburgh New York
I've been hold I've been gone from the
house for four days now in four days
being away from my you know my house and
my family and my kids and wife and dog
and whatever I've made 199 dollars and
87 cents in four days 199 87 what put me
over the top here
wasn't the 199 87 as miraculous or
stupid or ignorant as that sounds it's
the fact that when I got here the
illegal lumper service the illegal
Mexicans that call themselves lumpers
for you guys that don't know what a
lumper is Wow lady that lady doing about
45 mile an hour through the parking lot
anyway if you don't know what a Lumpur
is the people that unload trailers for a
living that's what they do they're not
part of this business there are private
contractors whatever there are all
illegal aliens any way they want 360
dollars to unload my trailer
I don't have to pay that don't get me
wrong that's not my money
that's the company's money that's us a
truck that has to pay that but run that
through your head real quick they're
going to make three hundred and sixty
dollars to unload my trailer the guy
said all it's a nightmare it's all on
the floor it's all styrofoam the whole
load only weighs 5,000 pounds but it's
going to take them three hours they said
it's going to take us three hours to
unload your trailer three hundred and
sixty bucks we're going to charge you
took me five hours to drive here I made
like 40 375 oh you've got to be kidding
me I made fifty bucks to bring the load
here they're going to make three hundred
and sixty dollars to unload me
gotta love America anyway now that I'm
done bitching I don't know it's all I
really wanted to do was bitch I guess
ain't got nothing else to say three
hundred and sixty dollars they make in
three hours to unload my truck
fifty bucks I make to drive it here what
else can you say talk to you guys later
you